[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
FINAL MIX
[soft music]
[Ulrich]
I can't remember the equation.
The square root of a quotient equals…
Zero? No, ten. No, wait. I give up.
Hey! Wait! Where are you going?
To study for the exam!
It's tomorrow and you can't help me!
Are you kidding? We'll miss our snack!
Forget about the exam.
I've got a little something in mind!
[hums]
Does it start with "cheat" and
end in "sheet" by any chance?
You just read my mind!
[Ulrich] Forget about your dumb plan.
Thanks a lot for being so supportive…
Whoa! I am so knocked out!
But you can't guess what!
The members of Love Potion split up!
That's old news, dork!
Brian fell in love with Crystal
and Geoffrey fired him!
Now listen to this. The news is…
My father said it was OK
to use the gymnasium!
-[Odd] He said yes?
-[Sissi nods]
[Odd]
Yes! I've got to find William.
[Sissi sighs]
It's going to be
the dance party of the century!
[theme music]
-[whistle]
-[action music]
[Jim] Hurry it up!
You two! Take those mats
into the storage room!
[whistle blowing]
Push that pommel horse against the wall!
[Jim] Come on! Move!
[William]
Oh, no! I don't believe this.
So it's true? The principal
will allow the techno party?
Looks like it, yeah.
Wow! Smoking, huh?
The best DJs from schools will be there!
It's gonna be a blast!
It's not. The mixing board is hammered!
I don't know how to fix it!
Hey, no problem!
We'll ask Jeremy!
He's Mr. Fix-it! He can fix anything!
-You think so?
-Yeah!
No!
I have better things to do
than fixing a mixing board!
Maybe I can help!
-Would you?
-Huh, but…
And our research on your antivirus?
-I'm just watching you at this stage!
-Great! Come on!
What about the science exam?
Don't you study?
-[Odd] It's in the bag!
-[Jeremy nods]
So this is the thing that makes the music?
Yup! You play the records
on the turntables and it mixes the songs!
The trick is to synchronize the sound!
Interesting!
It seems you don't know about it.
Will it take much longer?
Nope. I'm done!
Mind if I give it a try?
-[techno music playing]
-Hey, it's working! Aelita, fantastic!
-You wanna try?
-Well, yeah.
Why not?
[techno music stops playing]
[techno music playing again]
Wow! I've never managed
to get that kind of mix
Hey, goof-offs! Don't mind me!
Do you know what time it is by any chance?
We're sorry, Jim.
Just rehearsing for tomorrow.
-Do you like techno?
-Forget about it.
Electronic music.
I prefer the twist.
Aelita, you really mix like a pro!
Where did you learn?
[hums]
It's our family!
We're all creative artists.
I'll make you a selection of LPs.
You can be our DJ tomorrow night!
-OK?
-You think so?
Well… OK!
[theme music]
-You're wasting your time with this party.
-I am not!
I'm trying to live. Like you guys!
And have some fun, a good time.
That's human too, isn't it?
Don't you like researching
the antivirus with me?
You're as stubborn as a fool!
-[groans]
-[door slams]
[Jeremy] Stubborn as a mule!
[unintelligible chatter]
Odd, you didn't study at all?
No… but like I told Jeremy:
"it's in the bag!"
Huh? What's going on? Can't we go in?
Inspection by G.I. Jim.
[military drum beats]
One pen. That's all you can take in!
Ouch… That's an unexpected development.
[Ulrich nods]
[Mrs. Hertz] Two hours for Physics
and two hours for Chemistry.
My colleagues and I
will correct the exams.
After that, the principal himself
will announce the results.
You may begin.
[hums]
[Sissi sighs]
Test is over! Put your pens down
and stay where you are
while I will collect your papers.
Stay in your seats
until I have all of them!
Well done, Odd!
That's one of your best.
[Odd hums]
[Jim] Mrs. Hertz…
Hertz… Hertz…
I hope she'll let me keep
Odd's paper swan for my collection.
-[sinister music]
-[grunts]
-Well…
-I never felt better.
I was talking about your exam, stupid.
I may be left back this year.
Don't exaggerate,
you just have to study a little.
Cut it out. This is not the time.
Hey! We're gonna see Aelita, the DJ!
That will cheer us up.
Where is she, by the way?
Already in the gym!
The DJs get VIP treatment!
-What about Jeremy?
-He's sulking.
[Mr. Delmas] You're not going!
Please, Daddy!
It's the happening of the century!
You should have studied for your exam!
[giggles]
[sinister music]
[computer beeps]
XANA!
He sure picks his moments!
Desert Sector! Okay!
[Jeremy screams]
Oh, no!
Aelita, a question for the Kadic paper!
As a DJ, how do you define your style?
Hardcore, Deep-House
or downright New Beat?
[hums]
She's too nervous to answer.
I'd say it is Hardcore,
but it's more of her own!
Totally rad!
Ta-dah!
-You snuck out?
-[Sissi] No, no.
My father said, "You'll repeat the year,
it's no big deal, sweetie.
It doesn't mean you can't have fun."
Really?
You're such an idiot!
Of course I snuck out!
What do you think?
[phone rings]
[groaning]
And now, Aelita, a brand new DJ.
And as you're going to see,
she totally rips!
[electronic music playing]
[crowd shouting]
It's great! You coming?
Your cousin's incredible!
[nods]
[grunting]
Kiwi!
[Jeremy]
Come on, boy! Come on, good boy!
[Kiwi snores]
[Jeremy screams]
Kiwi! Help!
Come here, you mangy dog!
Ah… Nice doggy!
Go on! Chew through the ropes!
Kiwi! No!
Come back!
[sighs]
That mutt is as brainless
as his owner
[electronic music playing]
Huh?
[laughing]
Kiwi! This is no time for games!
Go and get Odd and the others
from the gymnasium.
Now go! Get Odd!
Yes! That's a good dog! Run!
With my luck,
he'll bring me the Principal.
What's up? Not dancing?
Not my thing.
You gotta be kidding!
Let me see how you move.
Oh! You're right!
It's not your thing.
[barking]
Nice dog sounds…
Which album did Aelita get that from?
What are you doing here, buddy?
Jim will catch you!
OK, hold on, I'm coming!
-Hey! Where are you going?
-Ask him!
[barks]
[Yumi] I'll go with you.
I could use some fresh air.
I forgot,
I have something important to do.
What?
I have to… polish my flip-flops.
Bye.
[tense music]
[electricity crackles]
[moans]
[electronic music stops]
[Yumi] What happened?
It was Jim! XANA's possessed him!
Where is Aelita?
At the dance. She's finishing her mix.
With Jim around?
Everything's all right. She just fainted.
I'll take her to the infirmary!
Go on with your party.
[panting]
Are you sure that Jim
can virtualize Aelita to Lyoko?
Under XANA's control, he can do it!
Aelita doesn't stand a chance alone
against the Scyphozoa!
[Odd] And she can say bye to her memory!
Not here! Let's run to the factory!
[theme music]
[tense music]
Yeah!
[computer beeps]
[in distorted voice] As you order, XANA.
Transfer Aelita.
Virtualization.
-[beating]
-[grunts]
[digital whirring]
[moans]
[sinister music]
[grunt]
[evil laughter]
Jeremy! Yumi! Take the corridor.
-We'll take care of Jim!
-[Jeremy] OK!
It's more likely
he's going to take care of us.
He's brought a friend along, too!
[Odd] Go! Banzai!
This is bad.
[Ulrich] Think so?
-[Ulrich screams]
-Ulrich!
[Ulrich moans]
Aelita, are you OK?
I've been better.
[Jeremy] Help is on the way!
[groans]
[panting]
[Aelita moans]
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
-Ulrich?
-[gasps]
We can't take a nap now!
We've got someone to wipe out!
What do you suggest, then?
The bumper thing,
as we handle the Kankrelats.
[Odd] Hey, Jim!
A little tap like that
could not knock me out!
[grunts]
-Hurry up!
-Yeah!
On our way!
Get to the scanners now!
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Hang on, Aelita!
[moans]
The Scyphozoa isn't here yet.
Please, hurry!
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich!
Transfer Yumi!
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd!
Scanner Yumi.
[machine buzzes]
Scanner Odd.
Scanner Ulrich!
Virtualization!
[action music]
[Jeremy] The crater isn't far.
Run South-Southeast!
-Have you programmed the vehicles?
-Of course! I think of everything.
XANA too, it would appear!
[Jeremy] You've got company!
[Jeremy] Faster!
If the monster gets there,
Aelita's done for!
Go ahead! Leave the hornets to me!
[grunts]
[Ulrich shouts] Go!
[Odd] Come on!
[laser blasting]
[groans]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
Rats! I missed!
[groans]
[alarm beeps]
Odd! You're down to ten life points.
[Odd] They're heading for the crater.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Careful! The Hornets are behind.
But you're not far!
[Jeremy] You are there!
Gotcha!
[Ulrich groans]
Ulrich!
Move it, Yumi! Go on.
[Yumi hums]
[Odd screams] Surprise!
[gasps]
-[Odd groans]
-Taxi?
[gasps]
Ah! Jeremy, it's here!
-Not so fast, globber face!
-Yumi!
[explosive splash]
[Yumi pants]
[Yumi grunts]
[Yumi screams]
[Yumi groans]
[Aelita] Yumi! Oh no!
[Scyphozoa shrieks]
[Yumi grunts]
[Aelita gasps]
[Jeremy] The Schyphozoa's
stealing her memory!
Odd, Ulrich, hurry!
[evil laughter]
Hey! What the.. Jim!
Sorry. I'm taking over from here.
[Jeremy moans]
[gasps]
Hold on tight!
Not bad, huh?
[grunting]
Hey!
[grunts]
Jeremy! What level is Aelita's memory at?
[moans]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Jeremy?
Jeremy? You there? Jeremy?
[screeches]
[grunts]
[Ulrich] Oh, no!
Jeremy!
[gasps]
Get back to the computer. I'll handle Jim!
[Ulrich] Jeremy, you there?
I'm back, Ulrich. It's up to you. Hurry!
[Ulrich] Super sprint!
[grunts]
[hissing]
[moans]
[Jeremy] Get to the activated tower!
Twenty-five degrees East!
Jeremy!
[moans]
Ulrich, hurry up!
[ethereal music]
Move it!
[computer beeps]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
-Why am I here?
-You'll never know, Jim.
[rewinding sound]
Return to the past now!
[Odd] So Jeremy, you're gonna help me
with Physics
and Aelita with Chemistry!
And you're gonna help me
until I get it, right?
[both] Promise!
[Sissi] I am so knocked out! You know why?
Your father said OK for the gymnasium?
Huh? How do you know that?
I've already lived this day
and I just traveled back.
You're a real loony. I feel sorry for you.
Why don't you study with us?
Jeremy and Aelita will help us.
Study? Me?
Looks like you've lost the only brain cell
you had left!
-[Odd] If she knew!
-[Aelita] What a pity!
After the exams, teach me about techno!
I love it! It's my new earthly passion.
Will you come listen to my mix?
I promise!
[theme music]